Uncle, are you alright?
Okay, don't worry.
I'm fine.
Thank you for today
Otherwise, I don't know what to do, little sister
I just heard that Wang Fan
Bringing up the debt of your Lin family again
I gave your Lin family so many gifts at that time
Selling two at random is enough to pay back the money.
None of those
No.
Oh.
Are your neighbors so generous now?
The 80 million was spent so quickly
It's not spent.
It was my grandpa who thought you gave those things
It's all fake.
So he had it set on fire.
Burn
That's my father's hard-earned money
I finally made up my mind
Help your Lin family
Just burned
Then my favorite culture is gone
Chu Feng these things
I will find a way to pay you back in the future.
Now Mr. wants to win the order of the four major families?
Four big families
The four great families will come here in the fire of a day
Then they will hold a delicate feast
Select a suitable family for cooperation there
And send tens of billions of orders
It came quickly
But it's a pity
What a pity
I gave that to your neighbor at that time.
Order for Linglong Banquet
Hold it perfectly
Chu Feng, your joke is not funny at all
Shishi I believe
You will definitely get that 10 billion order.
It's just the size of our neighborhood.
Not eligible for membership
I have to think about the invitation letter again
Otherwise it's all talk
Isn't it just an invitation?
Believe it or not, a phone call
Just have them deliver it to you.
Stop bragging.
Still don't seem to believe me